hey what's going on guys my name's John
Michael Archie welcome back to my
channel in this video gonna see a speed
art of this face modeling what not this
isn't a signature speeder I'm sorry I
didn't upload it today i'll i still
haven't actually made it so i gotta make
that signature i'll get that done don't
worry basically this program is called
zbrush and you design facial models any
type of modeling of that sort and I
designed this head and then I brought it
into Photoshop and did all my crazy
designing and stuff like that so that's
everything about this video really if
you guys want to leave a like that'd be
awesome and about the likes I gotta
thank you guys a lot every life that you
guys leave really helps me out because
do the criticism on the designs that I'm
doing and it just helps me get better
and make better designs of what not so
what I'm gonna ask you guys to do is
leave a like as if you enjoyed it and
also leave a favorite if you want to
favorite this video that'd be awesome
leave a comment constructive criticism I
love it helps me a lot enjoy this video
guys when you're so much not getting a
place to ram daily 2011 don't be off
everyone here yo let me say sir you're
not for them give it a rule rule either
one me knocking at your door I roll up
with goblins and all sorts give a fee
for whichever touch
they rolled up real talk none of them
show up hug about us and it just slowed
it up with your control where nobody
goes cuz my team a leaving we seek the
deep end partner my foot in your mouth
biggest even awake and earth even eaten
your soul Bernhard Riemann wake up
batting your lungs they read the
fleeting predictable so their math on
reading this things with a human semen
I'll take the pistol afloat is leaking
you don't wanna be my target opens your
heart i speaking the Arctic master's
degree in a harness rope around your
neck cause II but he'll my dog barking
on the smooth that regardless even your
book thrown out red carpet talk is cheap
onion cooking the hardest been around
death from violence pull up my man now
five better mileage falls and on whose
waters and jungles offer them known to
the best bus route to its drama about no
go when I die prepare for the salt off
musical owns the food to my heart blood
no wifey no yeah rough these times we
live in the dark engine starts its of a
race lake in the best friend that right
start in to feel left around all night
whooping applause test into a major
force feel interwar my penance a sword
I'm so fuck when I rat on breaking the
law by stuck in the back rate in your
talk creating a boss awaken of course my
words we need your boy in the moon and
then so badly asking the north why does
not gonna exist I Yama demon right when
I'm bleeding everybody here's why I can
feed and success in the game i'm seeking
no track for the bulls and aviv singer's
don't get it twisted you don't wanna
risk it will suck your back with your
great like a biscuit get it right get in
the car skip nah you don't wanna get her
when I feed a guy with a busting if we
don't bust his lip reconnect with a
bunch of kids special bus to vista with
your blitz in your mouth is ripped so
don't that's up nah don't talk enough of
them get rave driving a slave are never
in the back of the bouquet and wrap top
game over i'll come with the truck top
you control that girl gonna murder me
when I talk on come on you've ever
believed that a trainee surgery not it
is that your dolphins her to me you got
stuff that kids and judge me up my links
from boat to burn the CD martini dry lat
Buccaneers on take over that's all next
buggery compared to me you're a nursery
while I'm up there fun and I had to be
got your wifey we're getting to ride to
me because I one night giving that
finally busting hell mouths silently
should be choking deep but the pilot
cream I'm gonna come can take the
spatula you're bad use your lap finally
I'm attacking we're about some tracking
never slacking parseint I'm backing when
I rap in this event an erotic play my
teen but you're talking catch it catch
it watch you nervous not thinking well
Nagas about with the various flow in the
town that song that he was three bucks
an ounce rats in the game on buddy
taking my time ball from sonic flow so
since you might just for me / him and
spoken I boss funny my voice is sick
when i spik when I'm happy